[Bug] Missing dependencies for Generic execution engine bundle (#17829)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/19_Development_Tools_and_Details/08_Generic_Execution_Engine/README.md

# Generic Execution Engine
:::caution

> To use this feature, please update your `composer.json` adding `phpdocumentor/reflection-docblock` and `symfony/property-info` like in the suggest section. Enable the `PimcoreGenericExecutionEngineBundle` in your `bundles.php` file and install it accordingly with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, please update your `composer.json` by requiring `phpdocumentor/reflection-docblock` and `symfony/property-info` like in the `suggest` section. Enable the `PimcoreGenericExecutionEngineBundle` in your `bundles.php` file and install it accordingly with the following command:
```
or maybe `by requiring` instead of `adding` to sound more "technical" and explain that it would be mandatory?
